so yeah we're gonna go out now take a
walk and then we're gonna start our day
with lectures and supervisions and
whatever so yeah okay so we just got
back from our walk it's like 8:45 now so
we took a really don't walk but it was
really good like we just like talked and
you know updated you ever in our lives
and stuff and it was just great like I
would so recommend this now I think if
you guys have a friend and you know they
like to get up early you like to get up
early like just go out and take a walk
I feel like this just sounds so random
but like it actually makes your morning
so much nicer and you know you just like
talk about your weekend everything and
yeah cause like you know in university
life gets really busy and then you don't
see each other for a while and I don't
know I just like those a lot so yeah
would highly recommend doing this and
now I'm gonna get for breakfast and I'm
gonna go to the LA FICA team I have two
lectures today in an hour break in
between em so yeah I'm probably gonna go
to the library and you know work in that
hour also I'm bringing this movie
because you know I'm pretending to be
really really healthy today so yeah I
don't know this actually tastes good
we're gonna find out but you know
[Music]
I just got back from lunch it's 2 p.m.
right now and I think I'm just gonna you
know make some tea and read a little bit
for like 20 minutes and then I'm gonna
get back to work my stuff to do my
criminal law essay so I'm gonna wrap up
all my notes on that and I'm probably
start on that and I also need to start
on my readings for constitutional law so
yeah that's pretty much the plan for the
afternoon and I also have a training at
6:45 I think for something that my
college runs and I want to get involved
in it so yeah I gotta go and get dinner
at 6:00
so did I can be there at 6:45 so yeah
probably just gonna do some work until
6:00 then get me some tea and I'm still
reading the same book as I read in my
last vlog because I took a different
book with me over the weekend because I
went to SX and I knew it would need a
bit more reading material because I was
already quite far in this one but yeah I
really started liking this book so yeah
would highly recommend reading it if you
guys are looking for a good book that's
pretty short like I think you can read
those probably in like a weekend if
you're a fast reader I wasn't planning
on finishing this book right now but I
did because it was so good I'm gonna
link this in the description box below
because this book was just amazing
like I wasn't really expecting it to get
that good because sort of it's not that
kind of slow and you don't really know
where it's going well the ending is just
amazing like the last two chapters they
just blow your mind so yeah I would
highly recommend the book guys um this
is not sponsored in any way no one would
sponsor me so yeah I just really would
recommend it because I just loved it so
yeah but this was kind of a happy ending
so I think I'm just gonna you know watch
like a silly YouTube videos till I get
my mind off and then I'm gonna start
doing some work
[Music]
I'm back in my room it's like 7:20 now
and I'm already back from the training
because it didn't happen because we were
all there and we're like waiting for a
nadine to come who was supposed to train
us and he just didn't show um yeah so
there was someone else there who was co
organizing it and I just couldn't reach
him so we waited a bit but no one showed
up so yeah I think they're just gonna
reschedule training so yeah I'm really
happy that I brought some of my notes
and you know I just went over my
constitutional readings because
otherwise that would have been a huge
waste of my time so yeah my plan now is
to you know just do some more readings
and yep done I'm probably just you know
gonna start a new book and gonna go to
sleep so yeah that's the plan for
evening good morning it's like 7 a.m.
now I already did a bit of work and I
think I'm just gonna go for my lecture
notes now so that I'm prepared for the
lectures I like just to like reach
through them before so I kind of know
what's coming and you know I just like
highlight all the cases so that's
already done and you know I don't need
to like to add during a lecture and then
I think I'm gonna keep doing some
readings and yep that's pretty much the
plan for the morning that I'm gonna go
for breakfast and then I'm gonna go to
the loft I kiss you today's a pretty
busy day like I'd show you guys what it
looks like on cam so today I have free
lectures civil or criminal law and
constitutional law and every meeting
that I have another lecture for animal
rights law and then I have an interview
for Cambrian law conference which is an
event for people in sixth form and they
can come to Cambridge and you know get
to know the law cause of a better so
yeah I'd really love to get involve that
but let's see if it works out so but for
that I got to run from my animal rights
class to another college to then have
the interview so I hope that's all gonna
work out so yeah that's the plan for
today
[Music]
I'm making my room now it's 2 o'clock I
finished all my lectures but I still
have one left in evening so what I'm
gonna do now is I'm gonna make myself
something to eat have a very late lunch
and then I'm gonna do some more readings
because I really need to you know wrap
up my constitutional readings so I can
go on to criminal law because those are
the first two provisions I have this
week ok so it's almost time for meeting
with my daughter I'm leaving now I'm
gonna meet head and I'm gonna go to the
law faculty do some work in the library
and then I'm gonna have my final lecture
off today so yeah that's the plan for
now I gotta head out now I'm sorry I
didn't come when I took my readings and
stuff I just kept it you forgot about it
but yeah I'm definitely gonna film the
library
[Music]
as I'm back in my room it's like half
past seven now and I think I'm just
gonna do a bit more readings then I'm
gonna take a shower read a little bit
and then I'm gonna go to sleep so today
was a really long day because it was
just like kind of running from place to
place I actually went in a meeting with
my director of studies and I didn't show
up because they had something urgent so
it couldn't come so this is the second
time in two days that someone didn't
come um so yeah that's pretty annoying
but honestly normally that doesn't
happen here like I feel like this is a
really bad representation because really
normally people here like they don't
make you come to a meeting and even show
up it's very abnormal so yeah I mean it
happens so I just then went to Lafayette
he did some more readings went to my
class about animal rights which was
really really cool I really loved the
class like it's super interesting so I
definitely enjoyed that and after that I
went to another college for the
interview and ya know I just got back so
yeah I think I'm gonna end this vlog
here um I hope you guys enjoyed it and I
hope it's not you know too boring so I
kind of have a lot of time lapses of me
working but to be honest is just a
reality um like I mean obviously we we
do study a lot um so yeah I also don't
want to you know keep that from you guys
because I feel like that I wouldn't be
as real as always if you guys have any
questions for me I'm feel free to drop
them in the comments below or message me
for the comments section of my blog
which is linked below
if you guys want to read a little bit
about half and settling in over the past
days there's a blog article linked below
where I you know just kind of poured my
heart out about how I feel about being
here so yeah definitely check that out
if you're interested thank you guys so
much for watching have a nice day bye